<p>Website Terms of Use Version 1.0 The website located at www.euinabottle.eu may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted on the Site in connection with such features.&#160; All such additional terms, guidelines, and rules are incorporated by reference into these Terms. Cookies and Web Beacons Like any other website, uses &lsquo;cookies&rsquo;. These cookies are used to store information including visitors&rsquo; preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users&rsquo; experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors&rsquo; browser type and/or other information. These Terms of Use described the legally binding terms and conditions that oversee your use of the Site.&#160; BY LOGGING INTO THE SITE, YOU ARE BEING COMPLIANT THAT THESE TERMS and you represent that you have the authority and capacity to enter into these Terms.&#160; YOU SHOULD BE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE TO ACCESS THE SITE. IF YOU DISAGREE WITH ALL OF THE PROVISION OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT LOG INTO AND/OR USE THE SITE. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. 1. Accounts  Account Creation. For you to use the Site, you start an account and provide information about yourself. You warrant that: (a) all required registration information you submit is truthful, up-to-date and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information. You may delete your Account at any time by following the instructions on the Site.&#160; Company may suspend or terminate your Account in accordance with Section Account Responsibilities. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account login information and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Account. You approve to immediately notify the Company of any unauthorized use, or suspected unauthorized use of your Account.&#160; Company cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above requirements. 2. Access to the Site  Subject to these Terms, Company grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to access the Site solely for your own personal, noncommercial use. Certain Restrictions. The rights approved to you in these Terms are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Site; (b) you shall not change, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Site; (c) you shall not access the Site in order to build a similar or competitive website; and (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Site may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means unless otherwise indicated, any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Site shall be subject to these Terms.&#160; All copyright and other proprietary notices on the Site must be retained on all copies thereof. Europe in a Bottle reserves the right to change, suspend, or cease the Site with or without notice to you.&#160; You approved that Europe in a Bottle will not be held liable to you or any third-party for any change, interruption, or termination of the Site or any part. No Support or Maintenance. You agree that Eruope in a Bottle will have no obligation to provide you with any support in connection with the Site. Excluding any User Content that you may provide, you are aware that all the intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets, in the Site and its content are owned by Company or Company&rsquo;s suppliers. Note that these Terms and access to the Site do not give you any rights, title or interest in or to any intellectual property rights, except for the limited access rights expressed in Section 2.1. Company and its suppliers reserve all rights not granted in these Terms. 3. User Content User Content. &ldquo;User Content&rdquo; means any and all information and content that a user submits to the Site. You are exclusively responsible for your User Content. You bear all risks associated with use of your User Content.&#160; You hereby certify that your User Content does not violate our Acceptable Use Policy.&#160; You may not represent or imply to others that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by Company. Because you alone are responsible for your User Content, you may expose yourself to liability. Company is not obliged to backup any User Content that you post; also, your User Content may be deleted at any time without prior notice to you. You are solely responsible for making your own backup copies of your User Content if you desire. You hereby grant to Europe in a Bottle an irreversible, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use and exploit your User Content, and to grant sublicenses of the foregoing rights, solely for the purposes of including your User Content in the Site.&#160; You hereby irreversibly waive any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content. Acceptable Use Policy. The following terms constitute our &ldquo;Acceptable Use Policy&rdquo;: You agree not to use the Site to collect, upload, transmit, display, or distribute any User Content (i) that violates any third-party right or any intellectual property or proprietary right; (ii) that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, invasive of another&rsquo;s privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libelous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive, promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; (iii) that is harmful to minors in any way; or (iv) that is in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party. In addition, you agree not to: (i) upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the Site any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data; (ii) send through the Site unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages; (iii) use the Site to harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding other users without their consent; (iv) interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks connected to the Site, or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks; (v) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site, whether through password mining or any other means; (vi) harass or interfere with any other user&rsquo;s use and enjoyment of the Site; or (vi) use software or automated agents or scripts to produce multiple accounts on the Site, or to generate automated searches, requests, or queries to the Site. We reserve the right to review any User Content, and to investigate and/or take appropriate action against you in our sole discretion if you violate the Acceptable Use Policy or any other provision of these Terms or otherwise create liability for us or any other person. Such action may include removing or modifying your User Content, terminating your Account in accordance with Section 8, and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities. If you provide Company with any feedback or suggestions regarding the Site, you hereby assign to Company all rights in such Feedback and agree that Company shall have the right to use and fully exploit such Feedback and related information in any manner it believes appropriate.&#160; Company will treat any Feedback you provide to Company as non-confidential and non-proprietary. 4. You agree to indemnify and hold Company and its officers, employees, and agents harmless, including costs and attorneys&rsquo; fees, from any claim or demand made by any third-party due to or arising out of (a) your use of the Site, (b) your violation of these Terms, (c) your violation of applicable laws or regulations or (d) your User Content.&#160; Company reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.&#160; You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of Company.&#160; Company will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it. 5. Third-Party Links &amp; Ads; Other Users Third-Party Links &amp; Ads. The Site may contain links to third-party websites and services, and/or display advertisements for third-parties.&#160; Such Third-Party Links &amp; Ads are not under the control of Company, and Company is not responsible for any Third-Party Links &amp; Ads.&#160; Company provides access to these Third-Party Links &amp; Ads only as a convenience to you, and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third-Party Links &amp; Ads.&#160; You use all Third-Party Links &amp; Ads at your own risk, and should apply a suitable level of caution and discretion in doing so. When you click on any of the Third-Party Links &amp; Ads, the applicable third party&rsquo;s terms and policies apply, including the third party&rsquo;s privacy and data gathering practices. Other Users. Each Site user is solely responsible for any and all of its own User Content.&#160; Because we do not control User Content, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any User Content, whether provided by you or by others.&#160; You agree that Company will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions.&#160; If there is a dispute between you and any Site user, we are under no obligation to become involved. You hereby release and forever discharge the Company and our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature, that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the Site. 6. Disclaimers The site is provided on an &ldquo;as-is&rdquo; and &ldquo;as available&rdquo; basis, and company and our suppliers expressly disclaim any and all warranties and conditions of any kind, whether express, implied, or statutory, including all warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, quiet enjoyment, accuracy, or non-infringement.&#160; We and our suppliers make not guarantee that the site will meet your requirements, will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis, or will be accurate, reliable, free of viruses or other harmful code, complete, legal, or safe.&#160; If applicable law requires any warranties with respect to the site, all such warranties are limited in duration to ninety (90) days from the date of first use. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.&#160; Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. 7. Limitation on Liability To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event shall company or our suppliers be liable to you or any third-party for any lost profits, lost data, costs of procurement of substitute products, or any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages arising from or relating to these terms or your use of, or incapability to use the site even if company has been advised of the possibility of such damages.&#160; Access to and use of the site is at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your device or computer system, or loss of data resulting therefrom. 8. Term and Termination. Subject to this Section, these Terms will remain in full force and effect while you use the Site.&#160; We may suspend or terminate your rights to use the Site at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the Site in violation of these Terms.&#160; Upon termination of your rights under these Terms, your Account and right to access and use the Site will terminate immediately.&#160; You understand that any termination of your Account may involve deletion of your User Content associated with your Account from our live databases.&#160; Company will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of your rights under these Terms.&#160; Even after your rights under these Terms are terminated, the following provisions of these Terms will remain in effect: Sections 2 through 2.5, Section 3 and Sections 4 through 10. 9. Copyright Policy. All of the User Content are under creative commons CC0 licese. By accepting the terms of use the User Content will be public domain. If you believe that one of our users is, through the use of our Site, unlawfully infringing the copyright(s) in a work, and wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed, the following information in the form of a written notification must be provided to our designated Copyright Agent: 1. your physical or electronic signature; 2. identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed; 3. identification of the material on our services that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove; 4. sufficient information to permit us to locate such material; 5. your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; 6. a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law; and 7. a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. Please note that any misrepresentation of material fact in a written notification automatically subjects the complaining party to liability for any damages, costs and attorney&rsquo;s fees incurred by us in connection with the written notification and allegation of copyright infringement. 10. Personal identification information We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.</p>

<p>11. Non-personal identification information</p>

<p>We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. Europe in a Bottle may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:  - To run and operate our Site We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.  - To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.  - To improve our Site We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.  - To send periodic emails We may use the email address to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. </p>

<p>12. How we protect your information</p>

<p>We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.</p>

<p>13. Sharing your personal information</p>

<p>We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.  14. General These Terms are subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site.&#160; You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail address.&#160; In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.&#160; These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Site.&#160; Continued use of our Site following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.</p>

<p>Electronic Communications. The communications between you and Company use electronic means, whether you use the Site or send us emails, or whether Company posts notices on the Site or communicates with you via email. For contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from Company in an electronic form; and (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that Company provides to you electronically satisfy any legal obligation that such communications would satisfy if it were be in a hard copy writing.</p>

<p>By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. This privacy policy was built with the https://PrivacyPolicies.com generator.</p>

<p>Contact Information: Email: bottle@euinabottle.eu</p>

<p>This document was last updated on March 21, 2018</p>
